13. A margin is used to create a distance between that element and other elements on the page. Padding is used to create distance between the content and the boarder of an element. Margins are not part of an element, although padding is a part of an element. The boarder property allows one to specify the style, width and color of an elements boarder.  
14. [My Image/ Inspiration (./images/DeStijl.jpg)
15. Assignment 11 was very time consuming, to complete to perfection. One part that became very challenging was to place the divs and shape and color them to match my chosen picture, but through trial and error I became successful. I also struggled with was setting the absolute and relative position of the items necessary for the assignment, in an attempt to flow with the project. This class has taught me so much about how coding and programing works, and has allowed me to make errors throughout the course, before I attempt on making a website for my brother's wedding. I have also learned a lot about the functionality of the internet and all that goes into each and every webpage that I enter. It amazes me.  
My process for completing this webpage went as followed. I read the student webpage thoroughly to ensure that I knew where information was at in order to complete the assignment. I followed each step within the Moodle page to the best of my abilities. I saved and submitted changes as I went through each step, and I also opened the live webpage before moving onto a new step to ensure the aesthetics were appropriate on the live page. Once all steps were complete, I made sure that my final product was up and running, and all links that I provided were working.  I then copied my repo link, and live homework link into the Moodle assignment sheet and submitted the assignment.
