13. The process of learning HTLM, is something that is extremely new to me, and from time to time it became very frustrating. Even the smallest error such as missing a period can cause your webpage to appear as you would like. I have never taken any course that relates to the web, or the design of the web. There have been many fascinating bits and pieces of information that I have been learning throughout taking this course and experimenting with HTML. I truly had no clue how much work and time went into each and every page that is on the web until taking this course, it has given me a sense of appreciation. When using HTML to create my webpage, I had to stop and think, that I am only doing the basics and it still is such a complicated process. I think it would be really interesting to speak to a coder and creator of a large successful business. The number of buttons, colors, and effects that are present on these webpages is incredible, and there must be a code behind each of them. Everyone has a talent! There are so many small things that must be done in order for your webpage to look appealing to the eye of the creator and the viewer. While creating this webpage, I had many moments of appreciation for the internet. It is such a fascinating tool that we use on a day to day basis to preform numerous tasks, and most individuals think and know very little about all that goes into this process. Overall, the process was challenging to learn, but I feel that with practice, everything become easier, and this is defiantly something that I look forward to learning more about in the future.
14. I personally feel that learning CSS will be a fun and experimental process. Nothing in this class has went perfect for me, but through trial and error I have been able successfully complete all of my assignments to the best of my abilities. As the course has continued, it has gotten more challenging. Our brains are amazing and learn quickly. The information that I was learning and absorbing at the beginning of the semester makes sense now and is not nearly as challenging as it was when learning the process initially. I feel that this is how learning CSS will be, and also feel that there is nothing t be anxious about, as long as I set time aside to thoroughly follow all directions. I feel that school is a learning process, and it is where errors can be made in order to learn and develop before being exposed to real world scenarios.
15. My work cycle for this assignment was similar to all of my previous assignments. The first thing that I always do before attempting any assignment is, I read the course website thoroughly to ensure that I am aware of the new content that is going to be targeted. I also read the instructions on the assignment, so that I knew what key points needed to be re-looked up to complete the assignment. After all directions are read and understood, I then began by creating the files and folders for assignment 8 and began implementing codes according to the directions of the Moodle shell. When I ran into issues throughout this assignment, I used external recourses to guide my learning. I remembered what clearing out my web history was critical to my success in viewing the current webpage at a given time and I was able to complete the assignment within a reasonable amount of time. There were some frustrating portions of the assignment (ex: for some reason I could not get my form to cooperate), and these were the times in which I had to take a break and allow my brain to rest before moving on. Once I committed and pushed my assignment to GitHub, I then read though the directions and ensure that each step was thoroughly followed before submitting my links to Moodle. 
