13.Throughout taking this course, the amount of information that I learned in such a short period of time about web designing is amazing. This course has taught me how to use Atom, GitHub. version controls and repositories. These were all thing that I had no sense of knowledge in previously. I have successful mastered the art of navigating each one of these. The process as a whole could and did from time to time become extremely overwhelming and frustrating due to the fact that the amount of information was crammed into such a short period of time, although I feel that the information relayed was equivalent to that of a full term course, but these all were critical to my success throughout the course. Throughout creating my final website/ assignment for this course, I learned how to be more efficient when creating the webpage and was able to utilize codes from previous assignments to my advantage.  This assignment allowed me to use my pervious knowledge from prior assignments and plaster all of them together cohesively. i found it very beneficial to be able to access older versions of my saved repositories, when errors were ran into, this made it easily accessible to view and see what changes led to mistakes, etc.
14. One thing that I learned about wed design throughout this assignment is that simplicity is key. While completing my final assignment for this course, it became very apparent to me that If I combined the correct colors and images and fonts, and font sizes/ headings (these were VERY important) the webpage looks more appealing to one’s eye, and the smallest adjustment can make the biggest different. When analyzing popular websites, it also became apparent to me that most of them keep the webpage very simple and it is has a way of compelling the intended audience.
15. I attempted this assignment very different them the previous ones. Having all of the knowledge in my head, I was able to grab bits and pieces form other assignments and tweak the codes to make them suitable for this particular webpage. A lot of altering occurred when transferring each element element, to make the webpage appealing to the eye, and suitable for the theme that I choose, although having the information easily accessible helped tremendously. Having a firm foundation on each aspect of this assignment was critical in my success as a student and being offered alternative links throughout the course was very beneficial. Upon completing my webpage, I viewed it multiple time to ensure that one was able to click on all links, and they were accessible I also made final corrections on the webpages appeal before submitting it. I followed each step within the Moodle page to the best of my abilities. I saved and submitted changes as I went through each step, and I also opened the live webpage before moving onto a new step to ensure the aesthetics were appropriate on the live page. Once all steps were complete, I made sure that my final product was up and running, and all links that I provided were working.  I then copied my repo link, and live homework link into the Moodle assignment sheet and submitted the assignment.
*When creating this webpage I decided to use a single dropdown menu versus a navigation bar with multiple buttons for number four of the instructions, my previous assignment I used a navigation bar, a multi button with a dropdown element on one of them.*
