13. System fonts are the fonts that are recognized by your computers operating system. Web fonts are special fonts designed by programmers for webpages that render custom fonts. Web safe fonts are generic fonts that will display in your browser if no other fonts are available.
14. It is important to have fallback fonts because if the browser cannot display the text, it will use the generic font or will attempt to use the next font listed in your code. It is important to have have a font stacks or fallbacks because all browsers become outdated and may not support the font style over time.  
15. Assignment 10 was another one of the trickier assignments this far. There was a lot of trial and error, and breaks that were taken to lessen frustration. Although the directions on the course website are very helpful. One issue that I ran into specifically was learning how to bring in the custom fonts, and code them correctly in my css files. Through research and the use of the website provided I was able to master this art and create a great website about Lefty Kreh.  
My process for completing this webpage went as followed. I read the student webpage thoroughly to ensure that I knew where information was at in order to complete the assignment. I followed each step within the Moodle page to the best of my abilities. I saved and submitted changes as I went through each step, and I also opened the live webpage before moving onto a new step to ensure the aesthetics were appropriate on the live page. Once all steps were complete, I made sure that my final product was up and running, and all links that I provided were working.  I then copied my repo link, and live homework link into the Moodle assignment sheet and submitted the assignment.
