13.A div is, a tag that defines a version, division or a section in a HTML document, and is often used as a container for HTML elements to style them with CSS. Classes are, an attribute that specifies one or more classmates for an element. The class attribute is mostly used to point to a class in a style sheet. The ID attribute specifies a unique ID for an HTML element and is mostly used to point to style in a style sheet. The span tag is used to group inline-elements within a document, sentence, word or paragraph, and provides a way to change the attribute of the span element.
14. Alt text is an attribute for an image that cannot be displayed in a browser due to slow connections, an error, etc. We use alt text so that the user can read what the missing image is supposed to be when slow connection and errors occur, or if the user uses a screen reader, alt text will verbally describe the images.
15. Assignment 7 was one of the trickier assignments this far. There was a lot of trial and error, and breaks that were taken to lessen frustration. Although the directions on the course website are very helpful, I ran into on specific error on my half. When I was trying to view my webpage through the “live site” link, the changes that I was committing, and pushing, were not appearing. I used my father’s computer to see if my link would work on his half and the information was present, and to my surprise, all of my changes were updated and present on his view. I learned that I had to clear my history on my Mac in order for my changes to appear. The page was cached in my browser history and was not reflecting my changes at that point in time. Once this was discovered, the process went much smoother, and less frustration occurred.
My process for completing this webpage went as followed. I read the student webpage thoroughly to ensure that I knew where information was at in order to complete the assignment. I followed each step within the Moodle page to the best of my abilities. I saved and submitted changes as I went through each step, and I also opened the live webpage before moving onto a new step to ensure the aesthetics were appropriate on the live page. Once all steps were complete, I made sure that my final product was up and running, and all links that I provided were working.  I then copied my repo link, and live homework link into the Moodle assignment sheet and submitted the assignment.
