13. My imaginary client was named Cynthia. Cynthia came into my office and was looking for a website to promote her new business "Vegas Hookup Weddings". Cynthia was born and raised in Las Vegas, and knew that this was the perfect place to start such a business. Cynthia requested that her website would explain her business, gather information from the client, and provide access to wedding chapel's that the users could preview. She also requested that that website was not too overwhelming, and to follow a spring pastel color scheme. She was open to suggestions on what font was present, as long as it looked elegant and paired well together.
14. The display property specifies the display behavior (the type of rendering box) of an element. Block displays an element as a block element (like <p>). It starts on a new line, and takes up the whole width. Inline displays an element as an inline element (like <span>). Any height and width properties will have no effect, and inline-block displays an element as an inline-level block container. The element itself is formatted as an inline element, but you can apply height and width values.
15. Man alive, does it ever feel so good to be done! This webpage took countless hours to perfect. I ran into many obstacles and challenges when attempting to create this webpage. The hardest part for me was to ensure that each page flowed, and matched to a certain extent. I used real photos from PEXELS as placeholders to get a feel for what the actual webpage may look like.  I also struggles with finding a paired font that matched a spring time/ light theme. I enjoyed putting all of my skills together, that I have learned throughout this course to create a multipage website. What I once found challenging is is not as hard as it once was, and the new information that we have piled on, has become overwhelming.
My process for completing this webpage went as followed. I read the student webpage thoroughly to ensure that I knew where information was at in order to complete the assignment. I followed each step within the Moodle page to the best of my abilities. I saved and submitted changes as I went through each step, and I also opened the live webpage before moving onto a new step to ensure the aesthetics were appropriate on the live page. Once all steps were complete, I made sure that my final product was up and running, and all links that I provided were working.  I then copied my repo link, and live homework link into the Moodle assignment sheet and submitted the assignment.
*all temporary images came from https://www.pexels.com
Cake, contact us, Elvis, and Las Vegas*
